[Applause]
for home feels like a
prison that was the case long before
October 7th and he knows it'll stay that
way long
after there have been suffering since
1979 but every now and then events
happen and the true face of the
occupation is revealed and settler
terrorism intensifies we face it in this
family like the rest of the Palestinian
people his house is in the occupied West
Bank Village of B isza it was built
decades before this illegal Israeli
settlement began imposing a harsh new
reality first encroaching on his
Farmland then completely encircling what
his family sees as its Haven this gate
was installed in 2008 and for a while
members of the family had to wait for
hours at a time in order to get
permission from soldiers to leave or
return to their own home an Israeli
Court eventually gave the family
constant access to this Corridor but
after Israel launched its war on Gaza
the family has been told that their
access will once again be taken
away this morning the garden provides a
few minutes of respit for S and his
son but these flowers no matter how
beautiful can't hide the
truth one of living under constant
surveillance and with perpet ual
harassment they're guard post manned by
settlers they Tred to prevent anyone
from getting into the house they Tred to
prevent the kids from playing in the
front yard closing the gate will be a
problem for the family my children won't
be allowed to go to
school when Sadat's daughters return
from the classes they're still able to
attend he reviews their test
results and beams with
pride then playtime but these siblings
are rarely afforded the kind of
Innocence that typically accompanies
childhood their grandmother a witness to
brutalities in both the past and present
tells me how much she fears what might
come
next how can I not worry of course I
worry these are my
children they're trapping us what more
can they
do sadad tries to remain
optimistic but believes it's un likely
his family will escape its isolation and
that while what they see as a jail might
not be real the sentence they're serving
certainly feels that way Muhammad jum Al
jaaz bza in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer